---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/characters/aoleon/"}
---

 Not really a loner nor a social butterfly, Aoleon (Druid) is fine in either situation. Most at ease in nature, either alone or with animal friends, she finds comfort away from the bustle of cities and just being. Having grown up around many other druids and not so many outsiders she set out to see what the world could offer. After exploring for many years she applied to be a Pathfinder. Now working her way up the ranks she has found new meaning to her travels. Along with her trusted animal companion, Azhar, she hope to fully see the world. She knows there is beauty in everything, but so is chaos. Time will let her see if she made the correct choice. Feeling more at ease in supporting rolls Aoleon prefers to be a healer and help than be a leader or aggressor. That is not to say she won’t fight though. When the time is right or her party is attacked she has no problem reacting in kind. Being of a smaller size and presenting as timid others often underestimate her. Skilled in magic and weapons she will do what she feels is correct. Aoleon’s cat friend, Azhar, loves to be in the action. In every way Aoleon’s equal, Azhar is happy to tag along and get into as much trouble as he can. Often finding ways to surprise people in fun or in a pre-pounce he is always up for fun. Whether as a little kitty or when about to rip their arm off. Having been together for a long time the two work together very well. Aoleon is a couple inches shy of three feet tall and likes to dress in a loose interchangeable robe. One side is green, the color of her home land and the other is tan, like the seas of sand and rock she sometimes travels. Azhar is larger than Aoleon and the standard size of a panther.
 
 Now has swarm of bees
 